This is an experimental CASSI design for Apple Watch.
On the first screen, you can view all your recent authorizations from authorized clinics and hospitals.
You can dispute any that you don't recognize.
You confirm your dispute and select the time the procedure was performed.
However, you must select at least one time slot to continue.
Upon disputing the event, the record is instantly updated in the recent history.
You can also view the details of this dispute.
Returning to the menu, you can also view your member ID card, which can be conveniently added to your Apple Wallet.
Once added, you can see the ID details such as the card number, the plan, and other information, as well as share this pass.
Still on watchOS 10, you can contact CASSI quickly, integrating with your phone's dialer.
New authorizations are also provided via push notifications.